So let's edit this error dialog we were seeing. Now we had a couple of problems,
the styling and the fact that we didn't see the message. Now the message can't be seen because of the way
this component is created,
we can't set up properties here like this,
we can still pass data into that component though.
I want to display a message but we can pass in data with a different or in a different way. In the error
interceptor where I'm opening the dialog,
we can pass in data by adding a second argument to the open method
and there, we can set a data property.
This allows us to pass in an object which represents the data we want to work in
in this error component.
Now I only want to get one piece of information in there, the message and the message is something I
need to derive in this error interceptor.
I will check if my error, if there the error object which is the response body, if it has a message
property.
If it does, then I want to use that
otherwise I will use a dummy message.
So I will create a new variable,
let errorMessage and set the default to an unknown error occurred.
Now I will override this default if we get a real message,
so then it will take error.error.message.
Now in either way, I got an error message variable which holds a string and I can pass this as data to
my error component.
Now to retrieve that data
there, we have to go to the error component and inject something into it, something which we'll also be provided
by @angular/material.
We pass in that data by using a special decorator, the @inject decorator, not injectable but inject which
you import from @angular/core
and this allows you to then specify a special token and that will just be important for the dependency
injection system Angular uses to identify
this data you're passing around, this special way of injecting is required due to the special way
this error component is getting created with. The token I want to use is the mat-dialog-data token and
you import that from @angular/material, that is the identifier used internally. This will hold data and
I will use that shortcut to store it in a public property of that class which is of type any or we
actually know that it's of type object which holds a message which is a string.
So this is now a field which is available in the error component
and we can output it here therefore, we can output data message in our component template.
If we now save that and we try signing up with a taken e-mail address again, we get an unknown error because
remember for this error, we get no better error message.
Now the styling looks awful but thankfully, the @angular/material dialog gives us some classes that help us
here.
We can add the mat-dialog-title, directive not class, directive to the h1 tag and to the paragraph,
we can add mat-dialog-content.
These selectors added to these elements will lead to a much nicer look as you can tell,
this looks much better already.
Now the paragraph still looks wrong though because mat-dialog-content is incorrectly added to the
paragraph,
it should be added to a wrapping div and you can find these things in the official docs
in case you're wondering where I got this from.
So now with that added, we'll get a little bit of a nicer styling,
the paragraph would still have a different font though
and to change this, we can simply add a class provided by the @angular/material package, a class named
mat-body1. By adding this class here, if we now try this again and use a taken e-mail address,
now we get a nicer font there too.
Now it might be nice to also have some buttons there and we can simply add a normal button by adding
another div which should have the mat-dialog actions selector to position them correctly just as the
content is positioned correctly with that
and here we can add a normal button with the mat-button selector, you already know from the other
parts of this app and there we can simply add an
OK button for example. We can add another special directive to that,
the mat-dialog-close one and this will ensure that this button automatically closes the dialog
if we click it.
So now if I try this one last time here, we get this button and if I click somewhere else, it closes it,
this was not what I wanted to show,
if I now click on OK, we also close the button.
So this is now working
and now we have a nicer dialog,
we get a default message which we display.
Obviously it would also be nice to use or see this error handler in action for other errors where we have
a better message.